README.md, before:

# e-commerce_back_end
 Object-Relational Mapping (ORM): E-Commerce Back End

# Description
   Hello and welcome to my application. I created this application as a way to show off what I have learned about API's and how to implement them on the back end. This was a challeneging at times and allowed me an opppurtunity to learn how to troubleshoot issues between MYSQL and the local server.

# Table of Content

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Credits](#credits)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Features](#features)

# Installation

Link to video can be found here -> [Google Drive link for screen recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eBCj28YHtWr0f4N_2VRq9CBDhgJuNPe5/view)

# Usage

from the command line while in the repo you can initiate the app using "node index.js". From there you will need to open insomnia to test the API routes
* Requires these be installed before initialization
  * [MySQL2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql)
  * [Sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize)
  * [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
  * [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/)  


# Credits

Base code for this project was taken from OSU-VIRT-FSF-PT-08-2023-U-LOLC/13-ORM. Whenever I ran into issues I used Stack overflow and the Xpert Learning Assistant tool. 
License Badge links used can be found here -> [License badge](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba)

# License

* ![MIT Badge Link](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
* [MIT License link](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt)

Copyright (c) 2012-2023 Scott Chacon and others

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


# Features
The project is operating as intended with no bugs found so far

Commit message:

updated models and routes. Added video links

README.md, after:

# e-commerce_back_end
 Object-Relational Mapping (ORM): E-Commerce Back End

# Description

   Hello and welcome to my E-Commerce application. I created this application as a way to show off what I have learned about API's and how to implement them on the back end. this simple application allows a user to see, update, delete and add a product all from the server side. I was able to check all functionality using Insomnia. This propject was a challeneging at times, but it allowed me an opppurtunity to further hone my troubleshooting skills while working on a more complex application.

# Table of Content

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Credits](#credits)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Features](#features)

# Installation

Link to videos can be found here ->
* [Google Drive link for screen recording of command line](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pS4zMWv99hBHPQ2mQ7W2RV_oWaSTNH9u/view)
* [Google Drive link for screen recording of Insomnia](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VS6F5H2iarmG0XcSyd2e0LZatHFjRmk4/view)

# Usage

from the command line while in the repo you can initiate the app using "node index.js". From there you will need to open insomnia to test the API routes
* Requires these be installed before initialization
  * [MySQL2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql)
  * [Sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize)
  * [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
  * [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/)  


# Credits

Base code for this project was taken from OSU-VIRT-FSF-PT-08-2023-U-LOLC/13-ORM. Whenever I ran into issues I used Stack overflow and the Xpert Learning Assistant tool. 
License Badge links used can be found here -> [License badge](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba)

# License

* ![MIT Badge Link](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
* [MIT License link](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt)

Copyright (c) 2012-2023 Scott Chacon and others

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


# Features

This application allows a user to manage and view all of their inventory from Insomnia.
